# GloVeTune: A Machine Learning and Deep Learning Based Approach for Transcending Hotel Review Analysis through Pre-Trained Embeddings
The development of technology has revolutionized the decision-making process, including the selection of lodging. User- generated feedback and reviews play a crucial role in influencing the decisions of prospective visitors in the hospitality industry. These feedbacks are utilized by our system to generate appro- priate recommendations for future customers. The foundation of the system is sentiment analysis, which involves categorizing reviews into positive and negative sentiments. A comprehen- sive preprocessing phase including data cleaning and feature extraction is implemented prior to training. The proposed system leverages a diverse set of models including k-Nearest Neighbors (KNN), Multinomial Naive Bayes (MNB), Logistic Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Support Vector Classifier (SVC), AdaBoost, Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP), Attention-based Long Short-Term Memory (ATTENTION-LSTM), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) with LSTM and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with (LSTM). Each model was individually trained on a scrupulously preprocessed dataset, which included extensive data modification and feature extraction. The RNN-LSTM model emerges as the leader, achieving the maximum level of accuracy among the models. This demonstrates the capability of deep learning techniques to capture complex dependencies in textual data. The results of this initiative will have a substantial impact on the hospitality and tourism industries.
